hi friends welcome back to al-anon law
today I'm going to talk briefly about
differential diagnosis of freezing in
pediatrics patient okay guys before
starting this I would request you to
subscribe to our Channel and please tell
your friends to subscribe okay let me
start with this this is a very awesome
table just go through once and please
tell your friends to subscribe that's
very important okay guys I dividend for
less than five years and the more than
five years okay so in a less than five
years if there is a wheezing think of
asthma infection there's a viral upper
or lower respiratory infection
bronchiolitis tuberculosis pertussis six
months to one and a half year is a
bronchiolitis is the most common cause
for that okay and that's very important
topic for pediatricians bronchiolitis
bronchiolitis that's very important how
do you manage is very important for a
step three and regarding the diagnosis
is very important for your step 2 CK
okay for mr CPC at examination am cmcc
very important topic bronchiolitis
bronchopulmonary dysplasia sinusitis
foreign body aspiration sudden onset of
wheezing Strider in a patient in a baby
of a nine month old minimum age nine
month could be a foreign body aspiration
okay that's very are joined our
emergency condition anatomic
abnormalities was chloramine STL mass
tracheobronchial bronco malaysia
aspiration due to swallow dysfunction or
a GERD even you can see in the CP there
is a cerebral proxy cardiac disease with
a congestive heart failure
immunodeficiency immortal Celia and
cystic fibrosis cystic fibrosis is a
very big job
topic and very important topic for you
your USMLE examination I will be
discussing in later because I need to
prepare very well for that okay so
that's fine I will definitely I put a
video on that more than five years think
first of asthma then vocal cord
dysfunction GERD and the cystic fibrosis
okay so try to memorize the differential
diagnosis of wheezing in less than five
years that's very important than more
than five years okay usually they will
give in the history okay thank you so
much for watching my video take care